JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2

1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.
	JavaScript Code Style(JCS) is what it sounds like. JCS is they way you choose to write your code. 
	There is however some JavaScript Coding Conventions that is strongly recommended to use.
	The most important thing about your JCS should be that it is easy to read, for you and others.
	
	There is one rule to be extra aware of when writing your code. 
	Javascript have a feature called "semicolon insertion"; This feature inserts semicolons after a statement when Javascript thinks you forgot to do it. 
	when using the "return" statement with an object, the placement of your curly braces is not a choice, it is a rule.
	If your curly braces get placed like this:
	
	return
	{
	  something
	};

	Javascript will insert a semicolon right after "return" and right after something.
	
	return; 	// JS incorrectly adds this semicolon.
	{
    	  something; 	// JS adds a semicolon here as well, because it doesn't realize that this is an object.
	};
 
	Because we immediately return, it don't know what "something" is. resulting in undefined.

	So in conclusion: The JCS is your own style of coding. BUT you must follow the JavaScript Coding Conventions.
	Coding conventions and practices may differ depending on where you work. 

	

2. What is a Regular Expression?
	Regular Expressions (RegExp) are patterns used to match combinations in strings. 
	In javascript regular expressions are also objects.
	Regular Expressions are used with the .test and .exec methods of RegExp.
	or the match, replace, search, and split methods of String.

	Regular expressions are great for checking if inputs in html forms are valid.
	It can also be used automatically change strings. 
	Example: 

3. What does the .random() method do?
	The random method returns a random value depending on how you use it can return a random number, character string ect.

4. What does the .sort() method do?
	The sort method is used to sort the items in an array. It can sort alphanumeric and numeric values. 
	It can be used to sort these values either ascending or descending. 
	the sort method sorts alphanumeric and ascending by default. 
	this means that the method works great for sorting words or characters in an alphabetic order; without any need for additional "settings".
	
	When sorting numeric values "25" is greater than "100" because "2" is greater than "1". 
	This is clearly wrong, thankfully we can fix it by providing a "compare function" as a parameter.
	

5. What does the .reverse() method do?
	The .reverse() method reverses the order of all elements in a string.

6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.
	Wrong use of the equality signs( =, == and === ) will result in errors and unexpected results from your code.

	example:
	var string = "4";
	var number = 4;

	string == number
	//
true

	string === number
	//
false
	
string = number

	//4
	number = string
	//"4"
	

	Not declaring a variable with the "var" statement will make all variables global variables. 
	This will result in errors and unexpected results from your code.
	By not declaring variables using the "var" statement; Local variables in functions can potentially override global variables outside of the functions.
	Another issue with variables in javascript is that it require global variables. 
	If one or more variables from different script sources coincidentally share the same
	name, unexpected results or fatal errors will occur from your code.

7. What data types can a JSON object contain?
	JSON objects can contain: string, number, object, array, boolean or null. 
	

8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?
	Minifying JavaScript Code is the process of removing all unnecessary characters from the code, without changing the outcome of the code. 
	Unnecessary characters that usually get removed is: 
		White spaces
		New line characters
		comments

	Minifying code can also include rewriting a block of code to be more efficient. There is often a shorter and better way to get the result you want
	Minifying code is very useful for interpreted languages such as JavaScript. 
	JavaScript is often deployed and transmitted on the internet; And by minifying the code the amount of data that is transferred is reduced. 
	And the whole process goes faster. 
	
	Minified code should always have a non minified version. 
	When (not if) modifications, bug-fixing ect. needs to be done; Minified code is terrible to read.
	Having a non-minified copy will make the task easier and faster.

9. What is a global variable?
	Variables declared outside of a function becomes a global variable. 
	A global variable has global scope, It can be accessed by any function or script.
	By not using the "var" statement when declaring variable inside functions, they to become global.


